
This page is a Work In Progress and needs to be expanded on. Information is up to date, but incomplete. Not much left is required to finish this doc. #WIP #Current 

A Command Station is a player's homebase in the OOC lobby, this is a private base they can grant other players access to, connected to a room that contains the [[Command Terminal]]. Players are not granted access to their [[Command Terminal]] until [[Session Settings]] have been finalised by a [[Session Master]]. Players can allow people different levels of access to their  Command Station, with basic access allowing them into the Command Station itself, to show off their space, middling access allowing them into the [[Command Terminal]] as a spectator and maximum access granting other players control of the [[Command Terminal]].

The Command Station holds a basic terminal which houses most of the basic settings, with the menu not being able to be opened as normal from this space. The way players quit is to either sleep in a bed the [[Exiles]] make in the Command Station or to return to the [[Command Terminal]] and quit from there. Exiles not controlled by an active player will sleep in the Command Station until the player's return.

The space inside the Command Station will slowly grow a collection of general scavenged goods as a player plays SBURB via the [[Command Terminal]], gradually making it appeared more lived in. Players can move these things around to decorate their space. Additionally, the [[Advancement Database]] can be access in the Command Station, allowing players to exchange achievement points for items to be dispensed by the machine or appearified on a platform to place around the space.

Certain areas will only be able to be altered via the [[Advancement Database]] menu, as they serve play purposes, so their shape must be consistent, but they can be customised visually. These areas will track certain aspects of play for a player granted access to a [[Command Terminal]]. These can include records of the knowledge system, lore snippets built by various systems in play, maps of the timeline and session overall.

Command Stations with players that were kicked are redecorated into shared living spaces, storerooms and various other useful zones, with the terminal being accessible to the [[Session Master]] until granted access to other players.

Command Stations occupied by [[Session Co-Players]] are given unique shared spaces, with their Command Stations conjoining during the flight to the frog temple, with a unique [[Command Terminal]] room supporting the shared control of a single character. These have to be allowed by the [[Session Master]] during establishing of the [[Session Settings]]. 